2025年11月16日 下午 4:23|19分钟 14秒

关键词:
ad inventory、ad tech、publisher ad inventories、digital ads、ads performance、ad impression、ad exchanges、mobile ads、ad buying、ad format、ad requests、particular ad、ad space、ad networks、ad servers、demand management、ad tech industry、programmatic advertising

文字记录:
说话人 1 00:07 
If you are new to the ad tech industry, trying to put the pieces together can be a daunting experience. So let's start from the beginning. Adtech is an overarching term that describes the tools and software use to automate the process of buying, selling, delivering and measuring digital advertising campaigns. The keyword here is automate. Like any ecosystem, the environment constantly evolves and ad tech is no exception. The core components include supply side platforms, ad servers, and demand side platforms.

说话人 1 00:49 
Programmatic advertising uses workflow automation and machine learning algorithms to enable publishers to offer inventory to advertisers to buy in real time. This automation allows for ads to be instantly delivered to audiences based on various signals like demographics, content consumption, or shopping patterns. Advertisers have embraced programmatic advertising as they can provide pricing efficiencies alongside real time measurement and optimization. Publishers benefit from the enhanced monetization opportunities possible by making inventory available for programmatic activation.

说话人 1 01:30 
A supply side platform, or SSP, is a tool for publishers that automate selling digital ad impressions, including video display and mobile ads. Ssps like magnet let publishers, ad networks and ad exchanges sell impressions to a greater pool of potential buyers while giving sellers control to maximize their revenue. We'll cover the role of the SSP in more detail in Module 3.

说话人 1 01:59 
A demand side platform, or DSP, is software advertisers use to buy video, display digital billboards, audio and mobile ads. Advertisers use a DSP to access and purchase the inventory made available by publishers through their SSP by bidding on available inventory. This can happen either through direct integration with the SSP or through an exchange. An ad exchange is the marketplace where buyers, DSPs, and sellers, SSPs connect to allow for the buying and selling of digital ads.

说话人 1 02:37 
A data management platform, or DMP, is software that publishers and advertisers can use to store their first party data. The DMP provides a secure way to match users and reach audiences from a privacy compliant environment. A DMP can also be a standalone data provider that licenses owned and operated data segments for use by third parties. Advertisers typically use license data segments for enhanced targeting. However, this practice is becoming more limited and is quickly evolving as we advance toward third party cookie deprecation. We'll cover this topic in more detail in Module 5. An ad server delivers ads to a website or app and reports performance metrics for those ads. Ad servers also house creative assets and optimize selecting which ad to place and where.

说话人 1 03:33 
Using automated technology. The ad server provides a holistic view of an advertising campaign, giving an advertiser or agency visibility into their ads performance. This optimizes productivity and saves time in the ad buying and planning process.

说话人 1 03:52 
When we refer to publisher inventory, we're speaking to the impressions or a number of views that the publisher has available to monetize. Impressions occur when a consumer visits a publisher's website or app and has the ability to view content that contains a viewable ad unit. This is the advertiser's opportunity to reach their desired audience. The mix of ad inventory that a publisher has available to monetize will vary and depend on the unit specifications and the screen type that the content is being viewed on. The most common forms of monetizable screen and inventory types include display, native and outstream, online video, mobile audio, connected TV and digital out of home. Thanks to recent improvements in technology and the appetite for automation, every screen type can now be transacted programmatically and in turn, harness the wealth of data available to target advanced audiences and holistically measure investment. The cornerstone of program. Dramatic advertising is the ability for inventory to be surfaced or bid requests and transacted on in real time. This is done through a process called real time bidding or RTV. RTB is a programmatic on the spot auction, which is similar to how financial markets operate. For more information on RTB, please visit the IAB Tech Lab. So there you have it, a high level overview of how ad tech works. Let's quickly review.

说话人 1 05:52 
Programmatic advertising is the most efficient way to sell advertising inventory story, automating the manual parts of the process so that publishers can focus on what they do best, creating engaging and audience focused content. One aspect of programmatic that allows the automated bit process to run smoothly is the use of different types of marketplaces. There are three commonly used programmatic marketplace types, open marketplace, private marketplace, and programmatic guarantee. An open marketplace is an option in which an unlimited number of publishers offer up their ad inventory for sale to an unlimited number of buyers who all compete for the opportunity to place their ads within the available inventory. The highest bid for each impression wins. Open marketplaces are typically the quickest and most cost efficient way to transact. They allow publishers to maximize revenue by competing with all of their demand sources in a central auction. Conversely, advertisers have the opportunity to bid on a wide array of inventory so they can get the most mileage out of whatever price point they're willing to bid. One caveat is that buyers have limited transparency into the inventory they bid on. They may know the content vertical, but not the name of the media owner or the specific property where their ad will be served. Advertisers and publishers can gain more transparency and control by initiating private marketplace deals. A private marketplace is an auction open to a select set of advertisers by invitation only, where deals are created through a direct relationship between the publisher and the advertiser through RTV pipes. Sometimes only one publisher is offering only their inventory for sale through a private marketplace known as a publisher direct deal. Other times, several select publishers may be willing to offer a select group of advertisers a reserve set of inventory for bid it the most exclusive form of private marketplace execution is a direct deal between one publisher and one advertiser. This can take the form of a direct sold deal, which happens offline as a negotiation between the two parties, similar to a traditional sale. But the actual activation of the campaign is executed programmatically.

说话人 1 08:25 
Programmatic guarantee is a 1 to 1 direct deal between a publisher and an advertiser, where the publisher agrees to provide a fixed number of impressions for a guaranteed price. Publishers and advertisers negotiate the custom parameters such as flight dates, audience targeting, and frequency capping, which are then coded into a deal ID pass from the SSP to the DSP. Programmatic guarantee deals do require more offline negotiation than auction based transactions. Still, they have become increasingly attractive to advertisers wanting to match the benefits of volume based pricing with programmatic activation. While variations of these three types of marketplace activation exist, open marketplace, private marketplace, and programmatic guaranteed make up the majority of programmatic activations. Let's quickly review before moving on to the next module.

说话人 1 09:35 
A supply side platform, or SSP, is an advertising technology platform used to coordinate and manage the distribution of publisher ad inventories. Simply put, the SSP helps a publisher sell its ad inventory. The SSP enables the publisher to make its advertising inventory available to programmatic demand sources. This means more buyers and more competition for the publishers impressions, which creates more opportunities to drive revenue or as publishers call it, maximize yield. SSPs are a vital part of the real time bidding process within programmatic advertising. Ssps enable publishers to optimize revenues by simultaneously connecting their inventory to multiple ad exchanges in demand side platforms or DSPs, creating the most competition and best outcomes to fill their ad space.

说话人 1 10:37 
The primary functions of an SSP are revenue management, demand path optimization, or DPO, and business growth facilitation, revenue management SSPs sell or monetize a publisher's ad space to advertisers in an automated fashion via the advertiser's chosen DSP and enables the publisher to manage its available inventory in real time.

说话人 1 11:02 
Demand path optimization, or DPL. Ssps help publishers find the right demand sources to work with based on factors like latency, unique demand bid rates, and transparency factors, business growth facilitation. Publishers that choose an advanced SSP can use the capabilities of the SSP to scale their business quickly. An example of this would be a web publisher making its content available on CTV or a US based audio app connecting to demand sources in other countries across the globe.

说话人 1 11:39 
Publishers have many options when considering which SSP to use, but only a few are full stack and configure to operate globally. Magnite DV plus is one of those. Full stack SSPs provide the tools that a publisher needs to grow its digital operations and to build its business, providing distribution points for the various screen types that the publisher creates content for and the geographical markets it serves, ensuring that there are as many quality sources of demand connected to the publisher supply as possible. Essential features of a full stack SSP include marketplace activation, demand management, forecasting and reporting, frequency control, data enablement, and demand facilitation. Marketplace activation connects the publisher's inventory to demand sources and enables advertisers to buy programmatic inventory.

说话人 1 12:36 
Header bidding is fundamental to maximizing revenue opportunities for a publisher. It allows publishers to sell their ad space simultaneously to different demand sources, making it possible for publishers to increase the value of every ad impression. Ssps provide the technology that enables header bidding optimization through dynamic competition. We'll cover this in more detail in Module 4. Publishers rely on accurate and timely reporting to manage their revenue streams effectively. Having visibility into earnings, auction performance and demand sources is key. The SSP provides a publisher with on demand operational information through a platform reporting dashboard. SSPs and DSPs work together to manage frequency capping, which is the process of recording and limiting the number of times a specific visitor is shown a particular ad. This is important to advertisers from an efficiency standpoint, so that they are not over exposing an audience to an ad and to the publisher from a user experience.

说话人 1 13:47 
As the advertising industry prepares for the eventual deprecation of the third party cookie, alternative solutions for addressing specific audiences have become increasingly important. The first party data that many publishers hold is becoming more valuable due to its registration based privacy client nature. To help publishers benefit from this shift, SSPs are providing data enablement solutions that enable publishers and advertisers to leverage first party data sources applied to programmatic buys. We'll cover this in more detail.

说话人 1 14:22 
And Module 5, some SSPs provide publishers with a demand facilitation team. Think of this as a team of experts with strong relationships with buyers who work as an extension of the publisher's direct sales operation, Magnite has the largest and most established team in the industry. If you'd like to know more, feel free to reach out to us and a member of the team will be happy to connect with you.

说话人 1 14:55 
Revenue generation is the bread and butter of any good SSP. And is that. The forefront of what a publisher needs from his technology partners to be successful, the SSP's core function is to maximize revenue opportunities and support the publisher with access to consistently high perform forming demand.

说话人 1 15:15 
Let's look at some of the ways this is done before jumping into the monetization techniques, let's quickly cover some pricing terms you should be aware of. CPM is a term you'll hear a lot. It is by far the most common pricing term and is used to measure value for reaching a specific audience. CPM stands for cost per thousand impressions. If an advertiser spends $5,000 to buy 1 million impressions, the CPM is $5.

说话人 1 15:49 
Cpms are used to set the pricing dynamics of programmatic auctions. The floor price is the lowest CPM that a publisher is willing to accept for its inventory. The floor price is a threshold of programmatic options and represents a minimum bid.

说话人 1 16:06 
Fill rate is a fundamentally important metric for a publisher as it shows the percentage number of ads served divided by the total number of ad requests received. The fill rate shows how many impressions are being delivered against the demand for those ads. When all is said and done, yield is the amount of revenue received from ads and represents how successful a publishers monetization strategy. Yield is an outcome of pricing and fill rates. SSPs provide publishers with yield management tools to gain transparency and control over yield.

说话人 1 16:47 
In the previous module, we introduced the concept of header bidding. Let's go on to cover this important monetization strategy in more detail. Header bidding is a response to the waterfall method, a fragmented and highly inefficient process for implementing programmatic advertising. Instead of offering impressions to one partner at a time, header bidding allows all partners to bid simultaneously.

说话人 1 17:16 
The early days of header bidding were dominated by bad practices, closed proprietary tech, poor standards, and little to no cooperation amongst competing companies. Publishers were presented with a confusing and time consuming process of manually patching together various solutions from different companies. This was far from ideal. Magnite recognized this and was a co founder in launching Pre Bid, an open source initiative to make header bidding easier and more effective for publishers to benefit from competing demand sources. Today, Pre Bid is the most widely used header bidding wrapper on the web. And Magnite has continued to innovate by building Demand Manager, the leading prebid header bidding management product. Demand Manager is a great example of how pre bid can be utilized to empower publishers to take control over their header bidding implementations. Let's take a look at some of Magnie's Demand Manager features to demonstrate how a publisher can manage the benefits of pre bid. A user friendly interface hosting a suite of tools and services makes it easy for publisher monetization teams to optimize their wrapper. AB testing allows publishers to optimize rapper configurations using reliable AB testing technique. Piece advanced reporting provides high fidelity full funnel visibility into the performance of the rack, showing revenue by demand, source, ad format, inventory and region, deal performance across multiple exchanges, measurement by segment, data size, and ad format.

说话人 1 18:56 
By now, you should be familiar with the principles of programmatic monetization and why it is essential to understand how the SSP contributes to the success of the publisher monetization strategy. Let's quickly review before we move on to discuss data enablement.

2025年11月16日 下午 4:23|9分钟 28秒

关键词:
parties data、audience data、video data、publisher data、user data、unique data、first party data、personal data、deterministic data、data ethics、data quality、data providers、Data accuracy、European data、data ecosystem、first party audience data、other third party data、data media owners

文字记录:
说话人 1 00:07 
We're at a pivotal moment in how advertisers can connect with consumers as privacy policies tighten and the ad tech industry adjusts its operating procedures. Let's take a closer look at what's been affecting the identity landscape and why privacy by default has become the industry standard.

说话人 1 00:27 
In 2,018, the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, disrupted the data ecosystem as it required businesses to protect personal data in the EU and ensure privacy for EU citizens. This means that any company that interacts with EU citizens or European data must apply with all the directors of GDPR. From how data is stored, how personal data is collected, and how data is transferred. Companies and businesses updated their audience and privacy policies to comply with this new legislation. In 2019, Apple blocked all third party cookies in Safari, further limiting the amount of data collect did about an individual. And in 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, went into effect. These events gave consumers greater control over the information businesses collect about them, and provided individuals with Protection against disclosure and third party sales of their data.

说话人 1 01:34 
Apple continued to give consumers more control of their data in 2021 when they introduced the iOS 14 of update, which provided users with a choice of blocking the IDFA identifier for advertisers at the app level. The iOS 15 update enabled users to hide IP addresses from any third party entity. The implications of both these updates provided individuals with more transparency and control over their personal information and data.

说话人 1 02:05 
Google followed the lead of Mozilla's Firefox and Apple Safari browsers and announced the deprecation of third party cookie reason Chrome by 2023, which effectively marks the end of cookies and will affect targeting, frequency, capping, and reporting. We're also anticipating that Google will reduce the availability of Google Ad ID, which will limit targeting capabilities on Android devices within mobile apps due to privacy regulations and consumer sensitivities around audience and identity. Major tech companies like apple and Google have created walled gardens as they look to safeguard the unique value data provides to their ad inventory and overall business. First party data has subsequently become the new advertising currency, and advertisers are evaluating how to adapt their audience strategies to keep pace with the constant change. Publishers are uniquely positioned to take ownership of their audience relationships as advertisers seek privacy compliant solutions to scale their data driven campaigns, it's important to note that first party seller define audience data collected by media owners are not impacted by the depreciation of cookies or other identifiers. Publishers with permissioned authenticated user data can provide advertisers with a rich view of the customer identity, including demographic, geographic, behavioral, and other attributes. The unique first party registration based data media owners have access to, enables advertisers to more efficiently reach their audience across the fragmented media landscape. Buyers benefit from bringing their data to the supply side and see improved efficiency and visibility. And to campaign planning and forecasting.

说话人 1 03:58 
Data accuracy and quality are essential to advertisers as they seek partners and data providers who can demonstrate rigorous methodologies for ensuring data quality when capturing first party audience data. Publishers and media owners must understand user consent, how segments are sourced, how they may perform, and how accurate and recent they are. Media owners who activate their first party audience data see significant increases in CPM rates. This unique data enables publishers to charge premium rates for valuable audience segments and having a customizable supply side data strategy helps publishers secure larger budgets for buyers. Let's quickly review before moving on to the next module.

说话人 1 04:53 
It's imperative that publishers and media owners create a robust audience strategy with multiple. Privacy compliant identity solutions, and they need a trusted partner to help them navigate the ever changing ecosystem. There are a few things for publishers to keep in mind when building audience strategies. As advertisers bring more of their data to the supply side, consider how to combine it with other data sources, including authenticated publisher data, universal IDS, or other third party data. To improve targeting, you'll need robust technical solutions to connect to multiple first and third party data sources. Look for partners who make it easy for you to increase the value of your data and inventory, and allow you to leverage and activate relevant 1st and 3rd party audience segments. You wanna work with an SSP partner. Helpless integrations with leading data providers can activate with your preferred data partner and can provide a secure way to map, match users and reach audiences in a privacy first environment.

说话人 1 06:00 
As buyers begin to look more closely at how their partners address data ethics and transparency, it's imperative to consider how you will ensure consumers have control over how their data is collect it and used. So look for partners that provide you with a way to safely transact with buyers in a secure environment, such as a clean room where both parties data is protected and keeps any user identity and personal information secure and blind to all parties in the supply chain. Clean rooms keep buyers and sellers user's identities anonymous for all parties, even during the data matching process as email addresses are encrypted, then a stable ID is generated, which can be used for targeting and retargeting. A user's identity and personal information never leave the buyer or publisher systems. Throughout this process. It prevents anyone in the supply chain from reconstructing identify fires that can be used for future targeting. While privacy compliant first party audiences are key, not every media owner will be able to collect or activate data. Those who don't have the expertise or manpower to collect their first party data can partner with an SSP with technology. They can help them build their own first party data segments and leverage them for deals. Some SSPs are creating unique seller defined audience segment federated across many publishers, providing advertisers with the reach necessary to connect with their consumers. Contextual targeting can be utilized as an additional or complementary strategy to achieve broad reach while still serving relevant ad experiences to your consumers. Regarding video, publishers are addressing these concerns and working to improve category standardization and contextual targeting by tapping into technology beyond text analysis and leveraging machine learning to analyze cross screen video content, publishers can select and send specific content metadata such as programs, episodes, genres, and live or on demand environments to DSPs. This makes it possible to target, report, and forecast based on what viewers are watching. It's becoming increasingly important for media owners to help buyers implement category based targeting strategies across their inventory. Iris dot TV, a video intelligence company, building the underlying API infrastructure for video data, is making this possible by connecting disparate datasets from a media owner's content management system, or CMS, and video players through its chosen supply side platform and demand side platform.

说话人 1 08:51 
Universal IDS are another approach publishers can use when creating a robust audience strategy. Universal IDS offer a common identifier for users on desktop and mobile web that any vendor in the ad tech industry can use. These IDS are passed in the bid stream, allowing buyers to transact similarly to how they would work with cookies, but with improved transparency for the consumer. Universal IDS require deterministic data or register data for publishers to participate.

